Release notes and highlights for 2.6.1 (#6312)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.6.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.6.0]]
== 2.6.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-260-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> - Upgrading ECK to 2.6.0 and then Elasticsearch to 8.6.0 may fail the Elasticsearch cluster. Upgrade to ECK 2.6.1 before attempting to upgrade Elasticsearch to 8.6.0. The underlying link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/6303[issue] will be fixed in a future Elasticsearch release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrading ECK to 2.6.0 and then Elasticsearch to 8.6.0 may lead to Elasticsearch master nodes unable to join the cluster. Upgrade to ECK 2.6.1 before attempting to upgrade Elasticsearch to 8.6.0. The underlying link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/6303[issue] will be fixed in a future Elasticsearch release.
```
